docs(project): update the documentation (#65)
BedrockStreaming/forms: README.md

:point_up: Note that this project was generated using [Nx](https://nx.dev).

### Getting started

Check each library's documentation.

To test each library development, we'll use the demo app and the docsite (dog-fooding strategy).

> This project handles 4 librairies packages, plus the demo/demo-e2e and docsite/docsite-e2e

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project handles 4 libraries packages, which are used in two apps: demo and docsite (e2e apps are simply holding test code about those apps)
```

The `demo` project is there to smoothe the dev experience

> The `docsite`project is the one used on https://bedrockstreaming.github.io/forms/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `docsite` project is the one used on https://bedrockstreaming.github.io/forms/
```
